Add dedicated IPs documentation (#49)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/user/dedicated_ips/index.md

---

> title: "Dedicated IP's"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Dedicated IPs"
```

description: "Dedicated IP address for your pools"
lead: "Dedicated IP address for your pools"
date: 2021-03-10T09:29:04-05:00
lastmod: 2021-03-10T09:29:04-05:00
weight: 10061
---

> 

Reviewer 2: maybe you could explain a bit more about what the term dedicated IP means here?

## Managing

> To access the dedicated IP's section, click on **Dedicated IP's** in the navigation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the dedicated IPs section, click on **Dedicated IPs** in the navigation bar.
```

> You can request dedicated IP's through [technical support](https://gatlingcorp.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8/group/12/create/59).

Reviewer: Perhaps a tip?
And list what we need:
 * organization slug
 * wanted amount of IPs per zone
 * your contact email
 * your GitHub username

A sales person will contact you

> {{< img src="dedicated-ips.png" alt="Dedicated IP's" caption="Dedicated IP's" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="dedicated-ips.png" alt="Dedicated IPs" caption="Dedicated IPs" >}}
```

> Table present your available dedicated IP's address by pools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Table present your available dedicated IP addresses by pool.
```

## Usage

> You can enable usage of dedicated IP's while [configuring simulation pools]({{< ref "../simulations#step-3-pools-configuration" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable usage of dedicated IPs while [configuring simulation pools]({{< ref "../simulations#step-3-pools-configuration" >}}).
```

---
title: "Dedicated IPs"
description: "Dedicated IP addresses for your pools"
lead: "Dedicated IP addresses for your pools"
date: 2021-03-10T09:29:04-05:00
lastmod: 2021-03-10T09:29:04-05:00
weight: 10061
---

Dedicated IPs allows you to have control over the injectors IP addresses.

{{< img src="dedicated-ips.png" alt="Dedicated IPs" caption="Dedicated IPs" >}}

## Managing

To access the dedicated IPs section, click on **Dedicated IPs** in the navigation bar.

{{< alert tip >}}
You can request dedicated IPs through [technical support](https://gatlingcorp.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8/group/12/create/59).

Please provide:
- Organization SLUG
- Desired number of dedicated IPs per region
- Contact Email
- GitHub username
A sales person will contact you.
{{< /alert >}}
  

> Table present your available dedicated IPs address by pools.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Dedicated IPs table shows your reserved dedicated IP addresses. Each belongs to a specific pool.
```

## Usage

> You can enable usage of dedicated IPs while [configuring simulation pools]({{< ref "../simulations#step-3-pools-configuration" >}}).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can enable usage of dedicated IPs when [configuring simulation pools]({{< ref "../simulations#step-3-pools-configuration" >}}).
```

> When starting a run of a simulation configured to use dedicated IPs, 
> if there's enough of them by configured pools sizes, they will be reserved for the run duration.
> Otherwise, run won't be started.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When starting a run of a simulation configured to use dedicated IPs, if you have enough dedicated IPs available to satisfy the configured pool sizes,
they will be reserved for the run duration. Otherwise, the run won't start.
```

---
title: "Dedicated IPs"
description: "Dedicated IP addresses for your pools"
lead: "Dedicated IP addresses for your pools"
date: 2021-03-10T09:29:04-05:00
lastmod: 2021-03-10T09:29:04-05:00
weight: 10061
---

Dedicated IPs allows you to have control over the injectors IP addresses.
This is useful, for instance, if your target system performs some sort of IP address filtering.

{{< img src="dedicated-ips.png" alt="Dedicated IPs" caption="Dedicated IPs" >}}

## Managing

To access the dedicated IPs section, click on **Dedicated IPs** in the navigation bar.

{{< alert tip >}}
You can request dedicated IPs through [technical support](https://gatlingcorp.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8/group/12/create/59).

Please provide:
- Organization SLUG
- Desired number of dedicated IPs per region
- Contact Email
- GitHub username
A sales person will contact you.
{{< /alert >}}

> The Dedicated IPs table shows your reserved dedicated IP addresses. Each belongs to a specific pool.

Reviewer 4: Each one

## Usage

> You can enable usage of dedicated IPs when [configuring simulation pools]({{< ref "../simulations#step-3-pools-configuration" >}}).

Reviewer 4: you can enable the use

> When starting a run of a simulation configured to use dedicated IPs,

Reviewer 4: to satisfy the size of the configured pools
